welcome to fantasy sports network the
world's first twenty-four seven
television channel devoted entirely to
fantasy sports you can stream us on your
Roku player follow us on twitter at
fantasy sports net and visit us at
fantasy sportsnetwork.com welcome back
to fantasy sports today thanks to Gary M
thorne for being in studio talking to a
dhp sleeper so now we're going to do is
talk some more ATP sleepers but not my
opinion this time one of the most
trusted names and the biz from the
national football post Joe fortin ba
what's happening my man hey what's up
bad i'm doing well thanks a lot for
having me on no problem so I want to
talk quarterbacks only here and we're
going to start off with one guy who's
highly contentious and the way i see it
i haven't ranked it number 12 his name
colin kaepernick and the reason is i
like him if he could he rushed 10 times
a game he'd be in my top five but we see
that fluctuate it seems like san
francisco wants to keep him healthy and
not necessarily trying to burn the edges
on everyone taking big shots they'll say
that for the playoffs and unleash him on
everyone then and basically take
everyone off guard you like him as an
ATP sleeper why is that yeah i've got
him as one of my undervalued players
heading into the year he's listed at on
an average draft position of about 89.3
which we're talking ninth tenth round
there depending on how many people are
in your league and at the same time he's
like the tent maybe the 12th or 13th
quarterback coming off the board i think
that's a mistake especially when you
look at some of the guys in front of
them you know Kaepernick's now entering
his third years a full-time starter he's
got the contract situation behind him
which means I he doesn't have to worry
about any of that it's just playing
football this year in addition unlike
last season he's coming in with the best
and healthiest unit he's ever had since
he joined San Francisco Michael Crabtree
is going to be around for the whole year
last year he didn't come in until the
end of the season Vernon Davis is still
playing well Stevie Johnson's been
brought in you still have Anquan Boldin
for third downs and despite some of the
injuries and problems the backfield
still relatively loaded with Frank Gore
Carlos Hyde possibly Marcus Lattimore so
this is one of the best units he's had
surrounding them and as you alluded to
earlier he's a guy that picks up yards
and points on the ground with
feet when he chooses to run he can get
that job done there and then the one
thing that sold me and a lot of people
might call this BS but watching the SBS
and seeing the way he was glaring down
Richard Sherman in the Seahawks when
they were accepting their award you can
tell this guy's burning inside burning
for the fact that Seattle got the better
of them burning for the fact that he had
a chance to win that game at centurylink
in the NFC Championship and for the
second year in a row couldn't get it
done driving in the big kolache through
the pic there he was three and out on
downs or three straight incomplete
passes i should say in the Super Bowl
this is a guy who wants it he's going to
be highly motivated with a great staff
around them I think this is a big year
for Colin Kaepernick if you're going to
trough Kaepernick as your QB one is
there someone to pair them with to maybe
take away some of the uncertainty that
comes with Kaepernick's game to game
results you know I that's a that's a
good point and for certain quarterbacks
like Kaepernick if you're targeting Cam
Newton who I think is going to be
overvalued have a pretty poor year based
on his unit you're going to want to pair
them up with someone who's capable of
stepping in and getting the job done you
know you take peyton manning you just
need a guy who can fill in for one week
you take Kaepernick you might want to
make sure you've got a good backup Jay
Cutler's a guy that's going to be down
there on the 15 to 16 range I think you
can get some value out of maybe Ryan
Tannehill and josh from the town if
you're in deeper leagues I think those
guys put up serviceable numbers probably
not great and I'd leading the tana hell
in that situation also Andy Dalton's
going to be down there as well and a lot
of people don't like Dalton from a
winning standpoint they don't think I'll
get it done in the playoffs but he did
put up big numbers last year and he's
got a really good unit of players around
him so those are the type of guys I
target is a backup to Kaepernick just to
be safe you like Matt Ryan as well I
have him ranked at number 11 that is the
bottom of the tier that includes names
like Jay Cutler Tony Romo Robert Griffin
the third you like where he's going ATP
wise now he was second in the league
last year in pass attempts I don't see
that happening again but he gets a
healthy Julio Jones back he gets Harry
Douglas back in the slot where he should
be but no Tony Gonzales you see him
being a top ten guy I see him being a
guy that yeah he'll probably cracked the
top ten he's undervalued this year in my
opinion based on what we saw last season
in addition to the fact that he's very
statuesque in the pocket he's not going
to pick you up any yards with his
feet like a Kaepernick or Cam Newton or
Robert Griffin the third guys like that
will do so owners tend to stay away from
them but he still has roddy white he
loses Tony G but he brings back Julio
Jones which is a big get for him this
season i agree with you i don't see the
falcons throwing as much this season
they're going to have a better running
game i like the addition they brought in
with freeman and running back some of
the guys they have behind it Steven
Jackson so I look at this team and I
think they're going to put up good
numbers this passing attacks going to be
better it's a team that bounces back off
the four winds season last year I don't
think he's going to be a top-five
quarterback but he is going to come in a
good price on draft day we completely
disagree about cam newton by though i
actually think he's under valued at his
current ADP but a guy right now that you
think is super undervalued Philip Rivers
I'm not sure what to make of him he was
one of my sleepers last year that panned
out because I tied him in efficiency to
Ken Whisenhunt not necessarily Mike
McCoy Whisenhunt gone do you like Philip
Rivers anyway the only thing that
worries me is yes the loss of Ken risen
on he was the architect behind Philip
Rivers resurgence last season what
everyone thought he had one year left
and then San Diego was going to part
ways due to contract but Phillip came
back he was extremely accurate last
season he put up some really big numbers
and all he's getting this year in
exchange for that is the fact that you
look at drafters he's targeted now is
the 13th 14th maybe 15th quarterback
coming off the board these are going to
be guys that still throw the football
around a lot Mike McCoy still there
Philip Rivers you got Keenan Allen the
rookie wide receiver from last season
he's going to get better Malcolm Floyd
coming back healthy and while Antonio
Gates is getting older at tight end he
can still produce but you've also got
ladarius green getting ready to step in
there as well so the weapons are there
for Philip Rivers I think he's going to
be as good it's not better than what we
saw last season the loss of Whisenhunt
does concern me but I think you've still
got Mike McCoy in place you've got
everything you want from last year this
is a team that got better on the
offensive line as well I think you're
going to get some really good numbers at
a rivers he's being tremendously
undervalued in my opinion okay very
quickly who wins the New York Jets
starting job and is either one of them
fantasy relevant as a michael vick is a
Geno Smith I wouldn't touch either guy
idly Miss Smith because John Idzik the
general manager drafted him in the
second round and you don't want to
embarrass yourself this early in
regime and this early into Geno Smith's
career by spending that high draft pick
on the guy and then not playing them
makes their to be serviceable if
something happens was Smith but I think
he wins the job he's got some better
weapons around him this year but I think
he's still at least another year away
from being a serious fantasy starter as
a QB one maybe you can look at him as a
qb2 as it comes to Michael Vick you know
the guys broken down he's not going to
be as quick with his legs which is
something everyone loved about him for
years and you look at the fact that he
can't stay healthy he's never played a
16-game season in his career so even if
he starts we can't Bank on him to be
reliable all year long so for me it's a
pass on both guys yeah it's a pass for
me on both and I do agree with you I
think Geno Smith wins the job Joe fortin
ba national football post thank you so
much for coming on the line up next Sal
South sorry Sal Sal 15e of XM sports com
talking to quarterback strategy it's a
different type of formats a different
type of league but do you draft the same
way stay tuned